HTP is built in with a set of status codes for various types of scenarios.
Now let's take out those deeper response codes are ranging from 200 to five hundreds and there are all
this think coats to represent a unique situation.
200 level codes are for successful cases where everything works as expected.
For example 200 means simply that HTP OK and 201 represents H.T. to be created 300 level codes are used
for redirection purposes and good indicators if resources relocated to somewhere else in the network.
For example if your turn or C 303 it indicates that the resource you're looking for is moved to somewhere
else.
And of course we're bodies should contain the information regarding where do resources relocated 400
level codes are indicators of glide errors collide here can be either a end user or an application request
resource.
For example if a user is searching for something and the field that the user is searching can be found
within the resource.
Dan 404 HTP not found is the return called Cline's she'll be receiving 500 codes are on the contrary
server related status codes these code ranges used to indicate that the server is either incapable or
not available to slow response to request 500 itself is very popular.
And if you didn't know about ATP's telescopes before it's highly likely that you encountered this code
Disko simply says that there is an internal server error as we just said a stupid response codes are
built into the protocol meaning that even if you don't even use them they're still there and embedded
to your response with HGP operations.
Lee's response skills are useful indicators on the status of the requests you made towards the end point.
From the developers perspective as being a best practice teres a prize.
You should definitely make use of the response code when.
So in response to your client depending on the status of your request you should be indicating your
client within this range of status codes.
All right.
I think we're building a very nice foundation for HTP requests and responses that we're going to develop
in the upcoming videos.
So now we know what requests we can make with HTP and what are the possible outcomes as being the response
code.
To talk about the clients which make the requests and receive responses I'll see on the next media.